Quick access spec (#284)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/quick-access/quick-access-listing.md

---
title: Quick access listing
weight: 1
---

# Quick access listing

> PrestaShop has handy shortcuts to your most important pages, which can be accessed through the "Quick Access" menu, at the top right of every page of the PrestaShop back office (right next to the username).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortcuts of the most important pages can be accessed through the "Quick Access" menu, at the top left of every page of the PrestaShop back office.
```

## Call to action

A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:

  - Add new quick access

👉  See the [specs of the add/edit quick access]({{<ref "add-edit-quick-access.md">}} "Add/edit quick access") 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

> 1. Add new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This will be removed during the migration

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

After clicking it, redirects to the add edit specs [specs of the add/edit quick access]({{<ref "add-edit-quick-access.md">}} "Add/edit quick access") 

> 2. Refresh list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refresh list
```

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

> 3. Show SQL query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Show SQL query
```

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

> 4. Export to SQL Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Export to SQL Manager
```

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

### Bulk actions

Clicking on the _Bulk actions_ button allows performing bulk actions for the selected quick accesses (using the checkboxes). A user can:

- Select all/Unselect all: this button will select/unselect all the checkboxes at the beginning of each row of the listing.
- Delete selected: This button will delete the selected quick access. 
After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected quick access will be removed, and a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

> ## Columns

Reviewer: Could you move this whole part just before the ### Search section ?

The page displays the quick access list with the following columns:

1. ID

It's possible to sort by id asc or desc and search by id.

2. Name

It's possible to sort by name of quick accesses asc or desc and search by name.

3. Link

> It's possible to sort the links of the quick access by asc or desc .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to sort by link asc or desc and to search by link.
```

4. New window

> It's possible to sort the enabled/disabled quick accesses by asc or desc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A drop-down allows to select: 
- Yes
- No

When a search is performed with "yes" selected, only the quick accesses that open in a new window are displayed.
When a search is performed with "no" selected, only the quick accesses that not open in a new window are displayed.
It's also possible to sort by new window asc or desc.
```

5. Actions

> **Edit.** The attribute can be edited as often as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Edit.** The quick access can be edited as often as necessary.
```

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit quick access]({{<ref "add-edit-quick-access.md">}} "Add/edit quick access") 

**Delete.** The quick access can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.

> After clicking on "Delete" button, the quick access deleted, a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking on "Delete" button, the quick access is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."
```

---
title: Quick access listing
weight: 1
---

# Quick access listing

> Shortcuts of the most important pages can be accessed through the "Quick Access" menu, at the top left of every page of the PrestaShop back office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quick access drop-down, displayed at the top left of every page of the PrestaShop back office lists all the pages added as quick access. 
It's possible to add the current back office page to the quick access by clicking on "Add current page to QuickAccess". It's also possible to see the list of all the quick access by clicking on "Manage quick accesses".
```

## Call to action

A call to actions is displayed in the header of this page:

  - Add new quick access

👉  See the [specs of the add/edit quick access]({{<ref "add-edit-quick-access.md">}} "Add/edit quick access") 

## Settings wheel

When clicking on the settings wheel, the following options are displayed:

1. Refresh list

After clicking on it, the page is reloaded. Sorts and searches are kept.

2. Show SQL query

After clicking on it, the SQL query is displayed in a modal. The SQL query takes into account filters and sorts that have been done.

There are two buttons:

- Close: After clicking on it, the modal is closed
- Export to SQL Manager: After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

3. Export to SQL Manager

After clicking on it, the SQL query is opened in Advanced parameters > Database > SQL Manager

> ### Bulk actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bulk actions
```

5. Actions

**Edit.** This is the main action and it can be performed by clicking on the line or on the button. 

👉 See the [specs of the add/edit quick access]({{<ref "add-edit-quick-access.md">}} "Add/edit quick access") 

**Delete.** The quick access can be deleted by clicking on this button. After clicking on "Delete", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?"
The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the quick access is deleted and a successful message is displayed "Successful deletion."

After clicking on "Delete selected", a modal with the title "Delete selection" is opened asking to confirm or cancel the action: "Are you sure you want to delete the selected item(s)?" (See issue [#14462](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/issues/14462)). The action can be canceled by clicking on the cross or on the cancel button.
After clicking on "Delete" button, the selected quick access will be removed, and a successful message is displayed "The selection has been successfully deleted."

> #### Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Search
```

---
title: Quick access listing
weight: 1
---

# Quick access listing

The quick access drop-down, displayed at the top left of every page of the PrestaShop back office lists all the pages added as quick access. 
It's possible to add the current back office page to the quick access by clicking on "Add current page to QuickAccess". It's also possible to see the list of all the quick access by clicking on "Manage quick accesses".

> 

Reviewer 2: It's possible to remove the current back office page from the quick access list by clicking on "Remove from Quick Access"
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89604350/149144942-287e9ae6-5102-4ca4-98aa-047341bccbf1.png)
